# RELEASE NOTES

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to a flavor of [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html)
which includes [Scopes and Epochs](#epoch-scoped-semver).

---


-----------------------

# UI

No commits at this time.


---

<details>
<summary>Read more about this SemVer flavor</summary>

### Epoch Scoped SemVer

This flavor adds an optional marketable value called an `EPOCH`.
There is also an optional disambiguating `SCOPE` identifier for delineating tags for packages in a mono repo.

<blockquote>The motivation for this is to prevent resistance to utilising SemVer major bumps
correctly, by allowing a separate marketable identifier which is easily compatible
with the current SemVer spec.</blockquote>


An Epoch/Scope (*Sepoch*) is an OPTIONAL prefix to a typical SemVer.

* A Sepoch MUST BE bounded by `_` underscores `_`.
* The identifiers MUST BE ALPHABETICAL (A-Za-z) identifiers.
* The Epoch SHOULD BE upper case
* The Epoch MUST come before the Scope, if both are present.
* The Scope MUST additionally be bounded by `(` parenthesis `)`.
* The Scope SHOULD BE capitalised/pascal cased.
* A Sepoch CAN BE separated from SemVer by a single white space where this is allowed (ie not allowed in git tags).
* Epoch DOES NOT influence precedence.
* Scope MUST uniquely identify a single components versioning.
* Different scopes CANNOT BE compared for precedence.
* A SemVer without a Scope CAN BE compared to a Scoped SemVer for compatibility. But caution is advised.

> There is no enforcement for ordering EPOCHs in this spec, as it
would be overly restrictive and yield little value since we can delineate and
earlier EPOCH from a later EPOCH by the SemVers.

#### Example

```mermaid
gitGraph
commit tag: "_ALPS_1.2.3"
branch develop
commit id: "add: ..."
commit
checkout main
cherry-pick id: "add: ..." tag: "_ALPS_2.1.3"
checkout develop
commit
commit
checkout main
merge develop tag: "_ALPS_3.4.5"
checkout develop
commit
commit
checkout main
merge develop tag: "_BRAVO_4.0.0" type: HIGHLIGHT
```

*While there are breaking changes between versions 1 to 3, we expect that it is less than
from 3 to 4. We expect the API surface would change more dramatically, or there is some other significant
milestone improvement, in the change from version 3 epoch ALPS to version 4 epoch BRAVO.*

```
_WILDLANDS(Core)_ 4.2.0
_WILDLANDS(Engine)_ 0.5.3
_DELTA(Core)_ 5.0.0
_DELTA(Engine)_ 0.5.3
```

*Cannot be compared to `Core` versions. Both Engine versions are equal, we can identify that
the ecosystems marketed change does not change the Engine packages API*

</details>

<!-- generated by Partas.GitNet -->
